examples/basic/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_awscc"></a> [awscc](#requirement\_awscc) | >= 0.11.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_endpoints"></a> [endpoints](#module\_endpoints) | ../.. | n/a |
| <a name="module_spoke"></a> [spoke](#module\_spoke) | github.com/appvia/terraform-aws-network | main |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_ipam_pool_id"></a> [ipam\_pool\_id](#input\_ipam\_pool\_id) | The ID of the IPAM pool to use for the VPC | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ram_principals"></a> [ram\_principals](#input\_ram\_principals) | A list of the ARNs of the principals to associate with the resource | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_transit_gateway_id"></a> [transit\_gateway\_id](#input\_transit\_gateway\_id) | The ID of the transit gateway to connect the VPC to | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_endpoints"></a> [endpoints](#output\_endpoints) | The attributes of the endpoints we created |
| <a name="output_inbound_resolver_endpoint_id"></a> [inbound\_resolver\_endpoint\_id](#output\_inbound\_resolver\_endpoint\_id) | The id of the inbound resolver if we created one |
| <a name="output_inbound_resolver_ip_addresses"></a> [inbound\_resolver\_ip\_addresses](#output\_inbound\_resolver\_ip\_addresses) | The ip addresses of the inbound resolver if we created one |
| <a name="output_outbound_resolver_endpoint_id"></a> [outbound\_resolver\_endpoint\_id](#output\_outbound\_resolver\_endpoint\_id) | The id of the outbound resolver if we created one |
| <a name="output_outbound_resolver_ip_addresses"></a> [outbound\_resolver\_ip\_addresses](#output\_outbound\_resolver\_ip\_addresses) | The ip addresses of the outbound resolver if we created one |
| <a name="output_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#output\_vpc\_id) | The id of the vpc we used to provision the endpoints |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: dropping the requirement for the inbound resolver, as this resource is not required for the solution to operate (#8)

examples/basic/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 5.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_awscc"></a> [awscc](#requirement\_awscc) | >= 0.11.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_endpoints"></a> [endpoints](#module\_endpoints) | ../.. | n/a |
| <a name="module_spoke"></a> [spoke](#module\_spoke) | appvia/network/aws | 0.3.0 |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_ipam_pool_id"></a> [ipam\_pool\_id](#input\_ipam\_pool\_id) | The ID of the IPAM pool to use for the VPC | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_ram_principals"></a> [ram\_principals](#input\_ram\_principals) | A list of the ARNs of the principals to associate with the resource | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_transit_gateway_id"></a> [transit\_gateway\_id](#input\_transit\_gateway\_id) | The ID of the transit gateway to connect the VPC to | `string` | `null` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_endpoints"></a> [endpoints](#output\_endpoints) | The attributes of the endpoints we created |
| <a name="output_outbound_resolver_endpoint_id"></a> [outbound\_resolver\_endpoint\_id](#output\_outbound\_resolver\_endpoint\_id) | The id of the outbound resolver if we created one |
| <a name="output_outbound_resolver_ip_addresses"></a> [outbound\_resolver\_ip\_addresses](#output\_outbound\_resolver\_ip\_addresses) | The ip addresses of the outbound resolver if we created one |
| <a name="output_vpc_attributes"></a> [vpc\_attributes](#output\_vpc\_attributes) | The attributes of the vpc we created |
| <a name="output_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#output\_vpc\_id) | The id of the vpc we used to provision the endpoints |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
